=head1 NAME

graspit::graspit_simulator - A grasping simulator

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    usage: graspit_simulator [options] ... 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

It is a program to simulate grasps

=head2 Environment Variables

=over 12

=item GRASPIT

models, and worlds are loaded relative to this path,
normally should be set to directory containing the 
subfolders worlds and models

=item GRASPIT_PLUGIN_DIR

point to director containined plugin libs, if using ros plugins
then normally should be set to my_ros_wkspace/devel/lib

=back

=head2 Options

=over 12

=item -h, --help

Print this message

=item -p, --plugin      

Name of plugin to load, multiple plugins may be loaded
seperated by comma.
Ex: graspit -p plugin1,plugin2
would load plugin1 and plugin2
			
=item -w, --world      

World file to load from $GRASPIT/worlds.
Ex: --world myworld
would load $GRASPIT/worlds/myworld.xml
			
=item -o, --object      

Name of object to load from $GRASPIT/models/objects/
imported as a GraspableBody
Ex: graspit -o mug
would load $GRASPIT/models/objects/mug.xml
			
=item -b, --obstacle    

Name of obstacle to load from $GRASPIT/models/obstacles/,
imported as a Body.
Ex: graspit -o table
would load $GRASPIT/models/obstacles/table.xml
			
=item -r, --robot       

Name of robot to load, from $GRASPIT/models/robots.
The robot directory must have an xml file of the same name
as the folder.  For example $GRASPIT/models/robots/Barrett 
has a matching Barrett.xml file inside of it.
Ex: graspit -r Barrett
would load $GRASPIT/models/robots/Barrett/Barrett.xml
			
=item --headless    

Run GraspIt! in headless mode if you do not want the user interface to display.  IVMgr will be NULL
  
=item -v, --version     

print GraspIt! version

=back

=head1 LICENSE

This is released under the GNU Public License.

=head1 AUTHOR

David Watkins - <davidwatkins@cs.columbia.edu>
Jake Varley - <jvarley@gmail.com>

=cut

